Friends here our concept is providing password for SSH using SSH pass.
C SSH pass is a utility or command.
Using that we can provide password for your SSH in non-interactive way.
Simply as a such paths is a non-interactive to SSH password authentication.
We'll just assume that your environment is password authentication.
I mean, whenever if you are trying to login into remote server from your local server,
it needs a password.
Suppose here we have some list of remote servers.
Now I want to execute a command on one-off my remote server.
Then you are using SSH,
hyphen T. Then strict hosting hitchhiking equals to know.
Then what is the user you want to connect with your remote server.
Then after that, you are providing your server,
remote server IP or host name.
Then you are come and come and maybe any command.
What happen?
Sorry, hyphen war.
You have to provide your option with hyphen Wu, hyphen wall.
Now it is asking a password.
Let me provide password here.
So I'll give it a password.
Now you are getting output for your command.
Suppose you want to run some ten commands separately through your SSH.
Then each time you have to provide password.
And if you want to automate or to run your ten commands through a shell script,
then while running shell script also you have to provide ten times your password.
But it's somewhat, of course,
you can provide your password,
but unnecessarily how to interact with your shells could whale running.
So in that case,
our associate you pass will help us to provide
password to your SSH in a non-interactive way.
Let me show you that simply.
First, SHE passed SSH,
we have different options here.
Let me go with one-by-one SSH.
Your command, you have to take as it is and use SSH pass if you're Enron mentees,
password authentication, suppose if you are,
any moment is possible. Less authentication.
You know, need your SSH bus,
SSH pass hyphen p in quotations just to provide password.
So I'm providing password for my remote server.
Now see that without asking password,
now your SSH is executing your commands on your remote server.
Any command you can execute now on your remote server.
That's it. So now basically whenever if you run
your SSH command in a password authentication,
anyone meant it prompt password
null to avoid that automatically to provide password for your SSH,
SSH pass utility is useful,
that's it. Right? Now.
See not only that command,
you can execute any command.
Suppose simply I'm running.
That's it.
So be clear.
So here I'm using SSH pass hyphen p directly.
I'm providing my password here,
but I don't want to provide my password on your terminal command line.
Instead of that, you can store your password in your file.
Let me store in any file name you can take any file I'm taking simply pass.
So here just provide your password, then save it.
Now in shut off hyphen p,
just to take hyphen IAAF option.
Then provide the file name in which we how your password for your remote server.
That's it.
There is one more way.
There is a variable called SSH to pass.
Otherwise simply if you're an SSH pass C there is a variable called SSH.
You pass, you can export that variable with your password. Let me export it.
Simply export.
You want a variable inside that just provide a password.
Now run your command using SHE pass, SSH pass.
Just iPhone.
You now see that isn't.
Now if you take hyphen e option,
you have to provide SSH a path variable,
unit export, SHE pos variable that only when I have
any option will work in your SSH pass.
That's it.
So anyway, we'll get more practice are to work with your SHE paths.
But before that, whenever if you want to use SSH to pass,
you hardly check it whether it is dead or not.
See by default you may not have this SSH,
a POS utility on your index like Unix, Linux like environment.
If it is not there,
then what you have to do simply you how to install it by using yum install SSH pass.
But I am not the root user.
That's why you had to provide sudo if you're currently user is having root privileges,
are switching to route from there to just run yum install SSH to pass and see the result.
See already, we have led us to washing off essentially pass.
That's where it is not installing.
But for your demo purpose,
what I will do here, I will log in into one of my remote server data.
We'll show you how to install as a two-pass,
same steps you can follow on your server.
Simply let me log in into my remote server.
So first time switching into root, that's better one.
Now I am running yum install.
She passed. But there is no match for your SSH paths in your configured ribose.
In that case, what you have to do is just
open a browser and based on your operating system,
suppose my knees originated,
such for EPL, for our HGL eight based on your way.
Then just opened this anyone of the link.
And they will give directly the link for your EPL package.
Otherwise, you can also directly go to this website, official website,
HTTPS, CPL. See that?
So here you will get based on your questions either at 45678, based on your version.
If you open that there,
you'll get your EPL package.
It is six by 64 packages. Go to A0.
So you now such for EPL Control F EPL.
Now say that based on your ways we hope,
but little EPL packages.
So now simply what I will take this copy that link, come to your host.
Yum install directly provide
the EPL rpm so that it will add that repository to your host.
So once it is add it,
now you can install it simply by running yum install SSH pass.
That's it.
Provides, yes. Now it is downloading, uninstalling.
That's it. Now, check it.
It is that now I'm exiting from root.
Now we are on automation user on your remote server.
Now I am taking here also, yes, it is there.
So that is the simple way to install your SHE pass on your coast.
So we will do more practice in your later sessions. Thank you.